# WHAT YOU WILL SEE IN EACH FILE
Hello! 
Glad to see a new semester's team pick up Pittscord. Seán here, I mostly worked on the CSS and a bit of the HTML for this project. Also some comments and documentation :)

### Here's a rundown of what you will see in most of these files and directories:
- __pychache__ includes .pyc files
- .vscode includes nothing
- logs includes the logs of all messages in every channel the bot deletes
- rpc includes
    - another __pychache__ which includes .pyc files
    - autogenerated grpc files - heed the comments, DO NOT EDIT
- static includes
    - an icon for display on the tabs of web browsers
    - the CSS (styling of the webpage)
    - the JavaScript (the brains of the webpage)
- templates includes
    - HTML skeleton for the login screen
    - HTML skeleton for the ui
- venv includes
    - bin which includes autogenerated pip, flask, jupyter, and quart files
    - include which includes python3.11 greenlet header
    - lib which includes many autogenerated python files
    - share which includes python kernel, manual, and config
- web includes webpage pyc file
- .gitignore to stop logs, databases, pyc files, and the secret file from being uploaded to git
- bot.py, the core brains of the bot
- canvas.py, the canvas integration of the bot
- config.py, basic configuration for admin name, link to canvas, link to webserver
- database_test.py, unit tests to make sure the database is properly implmented
- database_useful_test.py, another set of tests that could prove more useful
- database.py, python api for accessing the database
- EXPLANATION_of_files.md, an explanation of each file in the repository as to date (4/18/2024)
- ipc_server.py, running the server side of things, alongside the Discord bot
- LICENSE, legal jargon that protects this project from being stolen legally
- pittscord.db, database that stores usernames, Pitt IDs, server admins, canvas courses and their recitations
- pretend_database.py, a test python file to test against, if there is no properly functioning database to pull from
- README.md, the general explanation on how to run the bot
- requirements.txt, rundown of all extra APIs and their versions, etc, to download
- run_both.py, runs both the ipc_server.py and web.py together. May not work on some devices.
- secret.example.py, example file to show one how the secret.py should be constructed
- secret.py, where the canvas and Discord bot keys are stored. NEVER PUSH THIS.
- web.py, starts web server and gets the login and ui web pages

Good luck, from the first semester Pittscord team!